---
layout: post
title: Cofounder Dinner at Blackbox Mansion
category: events
eventDate: February 15th 2012
ogDescription: 'Join us for Cofounder Network Dinner with Janice Fraser.'
---

The *CofounderNetwork* is a global community of entrepreneurs, scientists and engineers. The network acts as a breeding ground for creating disruptive ventures by connecting selected cofounders. All participants are either members of the cofounder network or have been referred by the partners of the cofounder network.

Guest speaker this month is "Janice Fraser":http://luxr.co/about/team/, Founder & CEO of LUXr, Inc.

"Click here":http://cofodinner8.eventbrite.com/ to sign up.

Through LUXr, Janice is working with designers and entrepreneurs on several continents to figure out how regularly smart people can do reliably high-quality, rapid user experience work in lean and agile startups. To this end, she recently coined the dubious term "lean user experience" and is working to prove the value of Yet Another Buzzword.

After 15 years in the Valley, Janice has seen a lot — bubbles, busts and fantastic acts of collaboration that have transformed literally billions of lives. And that's what starting a company is: a radically optimistic collaboration between founders, funders and customers to make the world better, more efficient and more interesting.

Janice considers "Adaptive Path":http://adaptivepath.com/ her proudest startup success. She was a cofounder of the company and served as its first CEO. During her tenure as CEO, Adaptive Path tripled in staff and revenues, developed and sold a product to Google, coined the term Ajax and transformed from a lifestyle partnership to a leading firm. 

Janice left Adaptive Path to launch venture-funded startup, EmmetLabs.com, which she now considers to be her proudest failure. This open wiki project was incubated at Kapor Enterprises, where Janice was an entrepreneur in residence. It is (still) mapping the social network of the past, despite its lack of viability as a high-growth startup.

In her public life, Janice is a teacher rather than a pundit. She is a guest lecturer at Haas, Stanford, CCA and the Presido Graduate School of Management. She previously taught interaction design at SFSU. During several years on the conference circuit, she was a featured speaker at nearly every web design conference, from the Nielsen/Norman world tour to SXSW. 

And though Time magazine once called her a "grizzled and cynical veteran" of the dot-com era, she remains an idealistic champion of *experience-driven product strategy*.

Dinners Agenda:
* *6:30 PM*  Networking & Dinner + Drinks
* *7:30 PM*  Guest Speaker:  "Janice Fraser":http://luxr.co/about/team/, Founder & CEO of "LUXr":http://luxr.co/
* *8:00 PM*  90 seconds individual introduction + pitch your project/startup
* *9:45 PM*  Networking

"Click here":http://cofodinner8.eventbrite.com/ to sign up.

Looking Forward to seeing you!


