---
layout: post
title: Blog post
category: blog
author: Jenny E Jung
datePublished: Apr 18th 2012	
---

The past two weeks at blackbox mansion have been tremendously exciting. We hosted 13 founders from 10 different countries who had been accepted to participate in blackbox connect. 
We created an intense program of workshops, lectures and networking events for them. The startups met some of the Valley’s most renowned investors, mentors and advisors all of whom helped them to dive deep into the ecosystem of Silicon Valley, understand it’s dynamics and how to plug into it’s resources. 

The legendary startup coach Bill Joos  (former VP of Apple, co-founder of Garage Technology Ventures with Guy Kawasaki) gave two sessions to help them optimize their pitches,  ecxecutive summaries and decks and taught them how to put together awesome advisory boards. 


https://twitter.com/#!/blackboxvc/status/188686926625247233

Janice Fraser, founder of adaptive path and Luxrco provided them with lean UX methodology to help them focus on the right customers, shape their products and measure their success.

During intimate lectures and Q&A sessions with investors like Tim Draper (Draper Fisher Jurvetson), Forrest Baskett (New Enterprise Associates), Sharon Wienbar (Scale Venture Partners) and Steph Palmerie (SoftTechVC) the founders were introduced to financing strategies and possibilities in the valley.


https://twitter.com/#!/dreamstake/status/189816715704680448

Silicon Valley rockstars such as DaveMcClure, Keith Teare and Robert Scoble paid visits to the mansion to keep an eye on the up and coming international talent.

 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150728663634655

The program was complemented by a number of startup crawls, visits to Singularity University, Google headquarters, coworking spaces and lots of networking events.

It was great to witness the founders adapting the Silicon Valley mindset step by step. Already during week two, some of the companies were in talks with potential investors, had signed strategic partnerships with successful local startups and started the process of setting up US entities. The feedback for blackbox connect was incredible, both from participants and speakers.


Michael Overell, founder of Recruitloop
„Blackbox far exceeded my expectations. The program of speakers and workshops was awesome. Super high profile mixed with really high value content. The Lean UX work, for example, is really going to transform the way we approach product development. The Blackbox Mansion is a great environment for learning.

The real highlight was the range of amazing startups involved. It was humbling to meet the other founders. But also encouraging to see the similarities in the range of issues, highlights and low-lights we all face, no matter what corner of the world.“

Isn´mael Nzouetom, founder of i-dispo
I already know that these two weeks will have a significant impact on my life and on my company.

Krating Ponpool, serial entrepreneur and founder of the Thailand startup movement
„I did learn a great deal and it exceeded all my expectations by a huge margin. The program is really really awesome! Thanks a ton to blackbox team!“


The outcome of this program has exceeded our expectation just as well. blackbox will continue working with at least three of the graduates:

Mykoob	
Mykoob is the next salesforce.com for schools. The Latvian startup already owns 60 percent of their home market and is ready to launch in the US.
The founders, Martins and Girts are in the process of setting up a US entity and have a LOI from a network of 900 private schools. Their goal is to have signed the first US customers by the beginning of the next school year. 

Empreware
Agustin Badano, founder of the Agentinian startup Empreware will be accelerated by blackbox as well. Empreware is a Mint for small businesses in Latin America. He already has 200k + customers using Empreware’s business planning and financial tracking apps in more than 20 Spanish speaking countries. His goal for the upcoming months is to raise funding to help him launch the apps in English speaking markets.

Bucky’o’zun
20-year old Sara Naseri has invented a way to compound ozon molecules. This means nothing less than a 99.99 percent absorbtion of all uv-radiation in any carrier material. No more sun-caused skin cancer, no more paint fading in the sun.  Blackbox will mentor her and support her with regards to product strategy, fundraising and recruitment.

Pretty awesome, heh?

So what happens next?

We keep working with top global talent. Building on our experience from the first two editions of blackbox connect we are convinced that one of the core values of our program lies in the mix of diverse cultures, talents and background.


We are looking for partners across the world to help us organize pre-selection camps for the most promising companies in each country, to which we will bring great mentors from our Silicon Valley network. The top percentage of participants in each of these remote events will be accepted into the next edition of blackbox connect. Founders may  also apply for connect through our referral partners, blackbox ambassadors and  directly to blackbox – applicants with referrals will be given priority.  
Graduates of blackbox connect have the opportunity to be accepted for custom acceleration programs of 3-12 months. Please check our About page for more details.

If you want us to keep you in the loop about future activities and events, sign up for our mailing list and connect via facebook and twitter.



